Add missing font: component to example. (#2614)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/display/st7789v.rst

        lambda: |-
          it.print(0, 0, id(font), "Hello World!");

    font:
      - file: "gfonts://Roboto"
        id: font
        size: 20

.. note::

>     For more information about the font options see: :ref:`display-static_text`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For more information about the font options see: :ref:`display-fonts`
```

>     For more information about the font options see: :ref:`fonts </components/display/index>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    For more information about the font options see: :ref:`display-static_text`
```
